Location: In orbit around the forsaken world of Maxios
Date: 201.09.12

Callisto Ibrahim has accepted a six-month contract from a group of anonymous investors to lead a task-force with the mission to establish a base of salvage operations in Maxios orbit. 

Before the Collapse, Maxios was the dominant Domain charter colony of the Magec system. A barren but promising world, it was well-situated to grow into a center of culture and industry fueled by exploiting the vast resources available in Guayota's Disk, the voluminous torus of gas, ice, dust, and slowly accreting asteroids surrounding the primary. After the Collapse, investment ceased and the fragile ecosystem nurtured on Maxios choked and died as the terraformers and construction crews fled their stations. Now hab-towers stand dead witness over shining cities beaten into ruins by frequent meteor strikes. A few survivors remain: cranks, paranoid ideologues hiding in leaking bunkers, and outlaws who have largely devoured the merely sentimental. Nonetheless, much semi-functional technology and valuable refined metal and semi-smart material remains to be recovered by an expedition equipped with heavy salvage equipment.

The Magec system is not without civilization: surviving refugees and out-of-system exiles escaped into the Disk itself and converted a logistics depot into the asteroid-polity of New Maxios. They are a rugged folk, and Calliso Ibrahim is proud to count herself among them; practical, stubborn, and independent in equal measure. They do what is necessary to allow their re-created civil society to survive. Unfortunately the inner system is home to a large number of "undocumented salvage operations" and pirates, both freebooters and an entire brood descended from and loyal to the Kanta Dynasty. It is clear that either Kanta herself or someone on a high rung of her organization has taken offense at Ibrahim's salvage operation, for the usual in-fighting among the vultures has ceased and a distressingly large (though low-tech) cruiser has appeared on long-range sensors.

This, of course, was anticipated by the investors who have provided Ibrahim's expedition with state of the art combat vessels. However Ibrahim is not a seasoned tactician, merely an expert on logistics and salvage with a particular knack for inflating the significance of her previous combat experience - in the role of quartermaster, admittedly. Due to inexperience she is hard put to effectively command her forces in the sudden fury of space combat. If she can prevail, Callisto Ibrahim will indeed prove herself to be the tenacious battle-commander she claimed to be while impressing the investors' agent.